cran-comments.md, before:

# event R package
Bruce Swihart  
November 2016  

## Test environments
* local OS X install: R version 3.3.2 (2016-10-31)
* ubuntu 12.04 (on travis-ci): R version 3.3.1 (2016-06-21)
* win-builder:        R Under development (unstable) (2016-11-29 r71708)

## R CMD check results
There were no ERRORs or WARNINGs. 

There was 1 NOTE:

* 1st submission (Package was archived on CRAN, see Miscellaneous)

## Downstream dependencies
There are currently no downstream dependencies for this package.

## Miscellaneous
As per the CRAN Repository Policy Version Revision 3577,

  *  Explain any change in the maintainer’s email address and if possible send confirmation from the previous address (by a separate email to CRAN@R-project.org) or explain why it is not possible. 

This Package was archived on CRAN.  I am resurrecting it.
I have Jim Lindsey's permission to be maintainer of his packages on CRAN.  Currently he has them in .zip files on his homepage:  http://www.commanster.eu/rcode.html.  He does not have access to the original email address he used when this package was on CRAN, and thus cannot send a separate confirmation email.  However, you can contact him at James Lindsey <jlindsey@gen.unimaas.nl>.  

He sent this confirmation message on 2016-11-24:

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: James Lindsey <jlindsey@gen.unimaas.nl>
Date: Thu, Nov 24, 2016 at 9:26 AM
Subject: transferring maintainer role to Bruce Swihart for 'rmutil', 'repeated', 'gnlm', 'growth', 'event', 'stable'
To: CRAN@r-project.org, ligges@statistik.tu-dortmund.de, Kurt.Hornik@wu.ac.at
Cc: bruce.swihart@gmail.com


Dear CRAN,

Bruce Swihart is taking on the role of maintainer for my R-packages which have been available on my homepage, http://www.commanster.eu/rcode.html.  Some of these R-packages were on CRAN but have since been archived. 
I know it is CRAN repository policy to email confirmation from the previous maintainer's email address (jlindsey@luc.ac.be), but alas I can't due to LUC changing its name.

Please accept this email as confirmation of the maintainer role changing for R packages 'rmutil', 'repeated', 'gnlm', 'growth', 'event', 'stable'.

Regards,
Jim Lindsey

Commit message:

updates to .yml and rest about removing survkit

cran-comments.md, after:

# event R package
Bruce Swihart  
November 2016  

## Resubmission 1
I removed survkit.r/.Rd/.f.  Turns out survkit is available as of 2013 in a nice update
from the original authors of survkit.f.  Added this info to NEWS.

## Test environments
* local OS X install: R version 3.3.2 (2016-10-31)
* ubuntu 12.04 (on travis-ci): R version 3.3.1 (2016-06-21)
* win-builder:        R Under development (unstable) (2016-11-29 r71708)

## R CMD check results
There were no ERRORs or WARNINGs. 

There was 1 NOTE:

* 1st submission (Package was archived on CRAN, see Miscellaneous)

## Downstream dependencies
There are currently no downstream dependencies for this package.

## Miscellaneous
As per the CRAN Repository Policy Version Revision 3577,

  *  Explain any change in the maintainer’s email address and if possible send confirmation from the previous address (by a separate email to CRAN@R-project.org) or explain why it is not possible. 

This Package was archived on CRAN.  I am resurrecting it.
I have Jim Lindsey's permission to be maintainer of his packages on CRAN.  Currently he has them in .zip files on his homepage:  http://www.commanster.eu/rcode.html.  He does not have access to the original email address he used when this package was on CRAN, and thus cannot send a separate confirmation email.  However, you can contact him at James Lindsey <jlindsey@gen.unimaas.nl>.  

He sent this confirmation message on 2016-11-24:

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: James Lindsey <jlindsey@gen.unimaas.nl>
Date: Thu, Nov 24, 2016 at 9:26 AM
Subject: transferring maintainer role to Bruce Swihart for 'rmutil', 'repeated', 'gnlm', 'growth', 'event', 'stable'
To: CRAN@r-project.org, ligges@statistik.tu-dortmund.de, Kurt.Hornik@wu.ac.at
Cc: bruce.swihart@gmail.com


Dear CRAN,

Bruce Swihart is taking on the role of maintainer for my R-packages which have been available on my homepage, http://www.commanster.eu/rcode.html.  Some of these R-packages were on CRAN but have since been archived. 
I know it is CRAN repository policy to email confirmation from the previous maintainer's email address (jlindsey@luc.ac.be), but alas I can't due to LUC changing its name.

Please accept this email as confirmation of the maintainer role changing for R packages 'rmutil', 'repeated', 'gnlm', 'growth', 'event', 'stable'.

Regards,
Jim Lindsey
